# Supervisor meeting of the 29.05.2024

In this meeting was the project kick-off.

**Location:** C10.15 HEIA-FR

**Date:** 29.05.2024 9:45 - 10:30

## Agenda

* Welcome
* General information and guidelines regarding the bachelor project
* Presentation of the client and the experts
* Presentation of the project
* Project procedure and important dates
* Questions and answers
* Next meetings

## Participants

* Jacques Supcik (supervisor)
* Serge Ayer (supervisor)
* Noah Godel (student)

## Information shared

* Embedding is the process of adding a language to another language. The host language can call the embedded language and the embedded language can call the host language.
* There will be two meetings with experts. The first has the goal to show the requirement specification and the second will take place near the end of the project.
* The project is too ambitious. The specification of an entire language is too much. Focusing on a subset of a language is a common approach and will be easier to achieve.
* LLVM could complicate the project it might be possible and maybe easier to generate the WebAssembly code directly.

## Decisions

* The meetings with the supervisors will take place every week on Wednesday at 8:45.
* The meetings with the experts also have meeting minutes.
* The meeting minutes will be written in markdown and stored in the gitlab repository. They will be turned into a PDF and sent to the supervisors and experts.
* The student should focus on a subset of a already existing language and not try to create a new language from scratch.
* The student should drop the LLVM part from the specification and add an analysis task of the if LLVM is needed.
* The requirement specification will be validated by the supervisors in the next meeting (05.06.2024). But the student should already send the requirement specification to the experts as soon as its done to get feedback.

## Tasks

* Mr Godel will ...
    * ... add the experts as members to the gitlab project during the day of the meeting.
    * ... contact the experts to set up the first meeting for next week (with the validated requirement specification).
    * ... ask the department head what part of the thesis needs to be in German for the bilingual diploma during the day of the meeting.
        * A: Only the flyer needs to be in German.
    * ... add the estimation of the load per task with justification and deliverables in the specification no later than the next meeting.
    * ... add a diagram for the WebAssembly part in the specification no later than the next meeting.
    * ... send the updated requirement specification to the experts as soon as possible.
    * ... add the analysis task of the LLVM part in the specification no later than the next meeting.
