# Functional language compiler to WebAssembly - Supervisor meeting

During this meeting, the requirement specification was validated.

**Location:** C10.15 HEIA-FR

**Date:** 05.06.2024 8:45 - 09:15

## Agenda

* Validation of last week's meeting minutes
* Discussion and validation of the requirement specification
* Questions and answers

## Participants

* Jacques Supcik (supervisor)
* Serge Ayer (supervisor)
* Noah Godel (student)

## Information shared

* The fact that Haskell already has Wasm as a compilation target is not issue since the goal if this project is the embedding aspect which is not covered directly. Additionally optimizations specifically for Wasm could be implemented and the default Wasm target can be used as a basis for comparison.
* To facilitate the type interoperability between the Wasm module and the codebase the Wasm Component Model can be used, however only a few languages have runtimes that allow for the execution of Wasm components (only partially in Python and completely in JS and Rust).
* Gitlab issues will be used by the supervisors and experts to track the progress of the project.

## Decisions

* The meeting minutes need to have the project name in the title.
* The meeting minutes task list should be in a table (with when, where, and who).
* The requirement specification is validated but needs some minor changes. The student should send the updated version to the experts.
    * It should mention the project management tool that will be used (Gitlab issues).
    * The estimated workload per task for the documentation task should be annotated with the fact that it is already accounted for in the other tasks.
* The Wasm Component Model will be used to facilitate interoperability between codebases. For languages that do not have a runtime for it code bindings are needed to interoperate between codebases.
* The language subset that will get used for the compiler will be based on Haskell.

## Tasks

What?            | Who? | Deadline
---------------- | --- | ---
Finalize the requirement specification and send it to the experts | Mr. Godel | 05.06.2024
Send the meeting minutes to the experts | Mr. Godel | 05.06.2024
