# Functional language compiler to WebAssembly - Supervisor meeting

The quasi final version of the

**Location:** Teams meeting from home

**Date:** 10.07.2024 08:45 - 09:30

## Agenda

* Discuss the meeting with the expert
* Discuss the content of the report

## Participants

* Jacques Supcik (supervisor)
* Serge Ayer (supervisor)
* Noah Godel (student)

## Information shared

* The following advice was given for the project presentation:
    * The project is quite complex and the student should not forget to always give a high-level overview of the project before diving into the details.
    * Any person with a basic understanding of programming should be able to understand the presentation without having read the report.
    * The presentation should focus on showing the motivation for the project, the process of creating the compiler, and the results.
    * Since not everyone is familiar with Haskell, the student should make a small introduction to the language and some important concepts.
    * It could be interesting to take one specific important part of the project (lazy evaluation for example) and explain it in detail instead of trying to explain everything.
* The flyer should make the reader want to read the report. It should be short and concise and should not contain too much information.
    * M. Supcik and M. Ayer will be put as supervisors on the flyer.
* The implementation part of the report should reflect the final state of the project and not the process of creating the project. So it is not necessary to progress chronologically through the project in the report.

## Tasks

What?            | Who? | Deadline
---------------- | --- | ---
Ask expert if they want a paper copy of the report | Mr. Godel | 10.07.2024
Finish and submit report | Mr. Godel | 12.07.2024
