# Functional language compiler to WebAssembly - Supervisor meeting

This session was a catch-up on yesterday's session, which didn't take place. The working version of the compiler was shown and discussed to the supervisor.

**Location:** C10.05 HEIA-FR

**Date:** 20.06.2024 10:00 - 11:00

## Agenda

* Discuss yesterday's absence
* Show working version of the compiler
* Discuss the next steps

## Participants

* Jacques Supcik (supervisor)
* Noah Godel (student)

## Information shared

* From a cursory overview of the report, the structure of the document is good. However, the supervisor will provide more detailed feedback in the next meeting.
* Most computer scientists are not familiar with functional programming languages, so the important concepts should be explained in the analysis section.
* The design section should contain code examples of how the language can be used and how the different features are used.
* Since the standard library will be implemented in the language itself, the tests could be on compiled code, which would be a good way to test the compiler since all the language features would be used.
* The `wasm-merge` tool is a good way to merge the different WebAssembly modules into a single file and its use in the compiler is appropriate.

## Decisions

* The glossary elements should not be underlined in the report since it interferes with the readability.
* The analysis section should contain a chapter on functional language features, such as lazy evaluation (and its implementation with the call graph), immutability, and higher-order functions since not all readers might be familiar with these concepts.
* The analysis section should also mention other projects that compile functional languages to WebAssembly, such as Asterius and Wisp.
* The testing of the compiler should be done on the compiled code of the standard library, which will be written in the language itself.
* Next week, the compiler should have the final set of features implemented, after which the focus will be on testing, the standard library, and writing the report.

## Tasks

What?            | Who? | Deadline
---------------- | --- | ---
Implement the final set of features | Mr. Godel | 26.06.2024
Make corrections to the report | Mr. Godel | 26.06.2024
Write the standard library | Mr. Godel | 28.06.2024
Write the tests on the compiled code | Mr. Godel | 01.07.2024
