# Functional language compiler to WebAssembly - Supervisor meeting

During this meeting, the meeting with the experts was discussed.

**Location:** C10.15 HEIA-FR

**Date:** 12.06.2024 8:45 - 09:15

## Agenda

* Discuss the meeting with the experts
* Discuss the structure of the report
* Questions and answers

## Participants

* Jacques Supcik (supervisor)
* Serge Ayer (supervisor)
* Noah Godel (student)

## Information shared

* The reference counting garbage collector might not be the best choice for the project since it has its limitations. The student should consider a mark and sweep approach.
* The time to write the report shouldn't be underestimated. The student needs to bring the report up to date while he still remembers the details.
    * The reasons why Haskell was chosen as the implementation language should be explained.
    * The reasons why direct compilation to WebAssembly instead of using an intermediate representation like LLVM should be explained.

## Decisions

* The project code needs to contain SPDX license headers in each file and a LICENSE file in the root of the project.
* The code will be linted and auto-formatted (including a check for SPDX headers) in the CI pipeline and in a pre-commit hook.
* The tasks should only be moved to done once the documentation, for that task, is up to date.
* It is OK to not have a garbage collector in the project for now. But a possible approach should be discussed in the report.

## Tasks

What?            | Who? | Deadline
---------------- | --- | ---
Add SPDX headers to code files and license | Mr. Godel | 12.06.2024
Bring the report up to date | Mr. Godel | 13.06.2024
