# Functional language compiler to WebAssembly - Supervisor meeting

This meeting was a demonstration of the compiler and a dicussion of the next steps.

**Location:** C10.15 HEIA-FR

**Date:** 26.06.2024 08:45 - 09:30

## Agenda

* Demonstration of the compiler
* Feedback on the report
* Next steps

## Participants

* Jacques Supcik (supervisor)
* Serge Ayer (supervisor)
* Noah Godel (student)

## Information shared

* The compiler now supports importing external functions, exporting functions in the Wasm module, arithmetic operations, function as values, and partial application.
* It would be interesting to see the Wasm module get used in another programming language like Python (one that is different from the language used for the compiler).
* It would be nice to explicitly mention a few real-world use cases for the language features in the report (especially partial application / currying and embedding).
* Since a big part of the code embedding functionality is already implemented, and it has been decided that the testing will be done on the standard library, the tasks remaining tasks in the planning don't take that long to complete. Additionally the remaining tasks are almost all in relation to the documentation. It would be OK to focus completely on the compiler, the standard library and the testing and not on the report.

## Decisions

* The final features that will be implemented are the support for custom types, pattern matching and the standard library.
* The compiler, the standard library and the testing will be finished by the 01.07.2024.
* The report will contain a few real-world use cases for the language features, especially partial application / currying and embedding.

## Tasks

What?            | Who? | Deadline
---------------- | --- | ---
Finish the compiler with standard library | Mr. Godel | 01.07.2024
